Thanks to everyone , welcome to this channel
Live dvd Blu-ray of the current national tour, which arrived Ya' It is yeah this time
I arrived at the pin to version luxury first limited 1 time
We bought at store to be eager
Well if it is only this late, it's a reason
It is Chinketsu
Since the money was not the heat
This time with the discharge machine
I can not buy it early, I would like to open it soon
eh
Tears
That there is also open
Please this
To do
Status
Target
I got a fang sticker
is not it
What version
I finally got it
Yes i feel like this
Ummm
Blu-ray is black for black heights
Hooray
Do you become a cat
I have an application ticket
What do winter fair I like the conditions three collected
There is this what
I want to get moving consumption
Yes turn of
It is so Kokonin
It will not become a case case
Race Case 2
Reduce burnt and bought Kosanji's
The case is good Race is good
Please
Great it this
There also do you do there is something Good
I don't think that is true
First, to give you and three close
Like this
I will enter three
I would like to see from the fan sof
From top to top is first
It is when you first come out
'M I tried hereabouts change the Shami
Yes going
Heart beat
Oh
I have a simple disse
This tax increase
Has entered
this is
Photo collection
Yes I 'm looking forward to
want
Say is the western sky seems to me where
Ginkgo please
Oh
Great a
Minna
Yes it looks like everything is already in
It received of Kore
I can not see the signboard wrong
Feelings are coming
I'm waiting
Cool
It is like this
I voice
Because it will be used if it is a neta to use absolutely
Hmm
Five entered was that leave this state
That's how it feels like
I It is only this time
Yes
Is
The best is and received It is also enough
Yes the rest is the contents yes I want to appreciate from now